okay to make the major macro that I make
um well first you go to the computer
you got a macros and you click on you I
have full macros let me know real quick
ok you click on new and then I named
mine arcane blast because that's what I
use that's the spell use it in place of
and well you can go through and find the
arcane blast picture if you want to just
pick any make sure you want and then the
macro I use is slash cast are you going
to your spell book you got arcane then
you hold you make sure that your cursor
is blinking here then you shift-click
the spell yes Pam you should click the
spell into there and it'll go right in
there so the first one is slash cast
arcane power then you push enter then
slash cast um it's IC liens let's find
that that's gonna frost she have to
click I see veins into there then slash
cast arcane blast
there's and um this is the macro that I
use for my arcane blast some people um
have a macro that has a mirror image in
it
I don't put mirror image in the macro
because I don't I don't necessarily
always want to cast mirror image I
really only cast it on the boss and so I
just put mirror image out here and click
it whenever it's off cooldown when I'm
on a boss fight I don't really click it
for trash but you know some people do so
that's that's you know personal personal
preference so um anyways to use the
macro you just find it in your macros
and you can drag it onto your bar and I
already have mine on there so that's
just the same thing as you can see and
then you just use that as your arcane
blast spell so you just uh you just fan
that four times and as you can probably
hear i'm button masher and then um if
your missile barrage thing pops you use
arcane missile if your missile barrage
does not pop you use arcane barrage
um and I always just wait till our cube
baskets to stack so for as easy as that
see missile barrage pops these are key
missiles that's pretty much HTTP and our
teens really easy the hardest part is
figuring out how to make that stupid
macro and that's what most people
struggle with so so there you go